Brag sheet:
1. Mastered the  proprietary scheduling interface “STORM” in 2 months and became the point of contact at CNBC for all planning and scheduling questions. Once mastered, I built the master schedule for 40 technical associates and live programming that took place in the building and at the NYSE and NASDAQ sites.
2. Learned the 30 Rock production environment in 3 months and supported the fulfillment of 700+ production requests, during regular programming hours and tent pole events like the 2024 U.S. Presidential Election.
3. Became the main point of contact for special events (corporate town halls, Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade, Christmas in Rockefeller Center Tree Lighting, etc.). Worked with leadership to staff accordingly weeks before production to completely diminish last minute scheduling changes.
4. Supported late programming and 24 hour programming model by working 2pm-10pm and 12-8pm, ensuring no gaps in coverage and technical support.
5. Presented daily quality check reports to technical production managers, ensuring the following days’ programming and staffing was in tact and operationally ready for air
6. Learned staffing compliance and guidelines for DGA, NABET, and IATSE workers for 500+ employees, both daily hire and staff.
7. Took over department planning for DGA associate directors and became first dedicated coordinator for the Staging department, becoming the only person to support two different departments (tech and staging)
8. Guaranteed coverage for 35 ADs at least 3 months in advance
9. Crafted and implemented training plans for ADs to secure operational readiness with appropriate staffing measures
10. Collaborated with 5 staging managers to develop show complements and build resources in STORM, providing accurate staffing and budget KPIs to leadership for each entertainment show and news show
11. Created staging master schedule for all entertainment shows, and accurately made schedules for 300+ staging personnel
12. Onboarded 400+ daily hire workers (IATSE, NABET, DGA, USA) to be used for all NBC programming
13. Wrote 10+ SOPs for team alignment and operational efficiency
14. Contributed financial recoding support to tentpole events (SNL50, Presidential Election) to ensure correct budget allocations to shows and special programming to be presented to senior leadership
15. Continue weekly financial recoding support for staging operations and ensure work remains at budget
16. Create efficient models to track external staging training sessions and keep updated records of certifications for staging personnel (aerial lift training, firearm safety, haze and special effects)